manifest: nrf_modem: v2.1.0 (#8209)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/nrf_modem_lib.rst

Modem trace module
******************
The modem trace module is implemented in :file:`nrf/lib/nrf_modem_lib/nrf_modem_lib_trace.c`.
To enable the module and start tracing, set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE` Kconfig option to ``y`` in your project configuration.
The module provides a thread that initializes, deinitializes, and forwards modem traces to a backend that can be selected by enabling any one of the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_BACKEND_UART` to send modem traces over UARTE1
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_BACKEND_RTT` to send modem traces over SEGGER RTT

> If the application wants to set a trace level and start/resume a trace session, it can use the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_level_set` function.
> If the application wants to pause an ongoing trace session, it can use the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_pause` function.
> If the application wants to resume an ongoing trace session, it can use the :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_resume` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application can use the following functions for different tracing activities:

* :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_level_set` - This function sets a trace level and starts or resumes a trace session.
* :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_pause` - This function is used to pause an ongoing trace session.
* :c:func:`nrf_modem_lib_trace_resume` - This function resumes an ongoing trace session.

```
